feat(curriculum): New steps to teach lists (#55167)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-an-expense-tracker/66694bfa435cef241f6f9a68.md

---
id: 66694bfa435cef241f6f9a68
title: Step 1
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

> Before starting with the project, you are going to learn about lists.

Reviewer: Maybe we should say somewhere that we are talking about a data type.

---
id: 66694bfa435cef241f6f9a68
title: Step 1
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

Before starting with the project, you are going to learn about lists.

> Different from numbers and strings, a list is a data-type that works as a container for other values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Different from numbers and strings, a <dfn>list</dfn> is a data type that works as a container for other values:
```

Also "data type" shouldn't be hyphenated.

> Different from numbers and strings, a <dfn>list</dfn> is a data type that works as a container for other values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike numbers and strings, a <dfn>list</dfn> is a data type that works as a container for other values:
```

```py
example_list = [1, 2, 3, 4]
empty_list = []
```

> The list is characterized by the square brackets around all the values, and a comma between the values, for example `["A", "happy", "list"]`. If the list does not contain any values, then it is an empty list `[]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The list is characterized by the square brackets around all the values, and a comma between the values, like: `["A", "happy", "list"]`. If the list does not contain any values, then it is an empty list: `[]`.
```

> A list can contain different data types: `[1, "Up", ["Down", "Twice]]`. That includes all possible data types. It can also contain an other list!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list can contain different data types: `[1, "Up", ["Down", "Twice]]`. That includes all possible data types. It can also contain another list!
```
